X-Draft-From: ("nnimap+adbc:INBOX.lists.tor.internal" 5714)
References: <20130907072119.GB20436@loar>
Gcc: nnimap+adb-centralen:INBOX.sent-mail.2013-09
To: tor-internal@lists.torproject.org
Subject: Re: [tor-internal] 30C3 deadline approaching (September 15th)
Reply-To: tor-internal@lists.torproject.org
From: Linus Nordberg <linus@torproject.org>
Date: Wed, 11 Sep 2013 16:29:55 +0200
--text follows this line--
Lunar <lunar@torproject.org> wrote
Sat, 7 Sep 2013 09:21:19 +0200:

| Since last year, the congress also features “assemblies”: “places where
| communities of interest can meet in the core of the congress. They are
| comparable to villages at the various hacker camps.”

Slightly related, I'm involved in playing with the thought of arranging
a "crypto explorers" assembly, tag lined "Have you talked to your
teenager about crypto yet?"

Current plans are a bit too ambitious to be realistic so we'll have to
either cut them down or find more people who want to make things happen.

Here's the abstract^Wmarketing material. If you have a make-or-break
indication, please let me hear it. If you're willing to spend a stupid
amount of time on this, wow!

--8<---------------cut here---------------start------------->8---
Crypto Explorers: Secure communication for the next generation

Secure communications is more than understanding what tools are
available but incorporationg encryption into a daily practice. But
while recent efforts have been focused at popularising the use of
encryption among curious adults or stressing the need with
professionals such as journalists we propose a new focus for the long
term adoption of secure communication: youth.

Crypto Explorers is an innovative approach to addressing this
opportunity. Incorporating the concept of leveling up in video games
and scouting initiatives, Crypto Explorers structures knowledge
sharing around levels of understanding of the risks, using tools for
securing communications, and sharing tools with friends and peer
communities. Spread across a series of key-levels the goals of Crypto
Explorers is to have participants walk away with practice skills for
using secure communicants, understand how to evaluate potential risks
and the value of one tool over another, and engage their peers on also
adopting similar practices.

Youth offer a compelling demographic as a focus for increasing for use
of encryption for everyday privacy and communication. Not only are
youth adept at adopting new technologies and naturally curious, they
are already avid internet users. The Pew Internet and American Life
projects finds that Internet adoption is highest with the 12-17 age
category at 95%, and nearly one in four are using a smart
phone. Additionally, through a survey conducted by the Berkman
Center’s Youth and Media Project, Pew also reports concern parents
have over their children’s privacy online. While yesterday's youth
might have experimented with submission crypto and other code games
the prevalence of smart phones provides a new opportunity to teach
youth lifelong skills for secure communications.
--8<---------------cut here---------------end--------------->8---
